[KUNPROF-1074]: Add data-src and decoding transformer. (#21)
kununu/content-transformer: README.md

    * **ElementExtractorTransformer** - used to extract/split a tag by another tag inside it
    * **FirstTagRemoverFromElementTransformer** - Removes a specific tag if is the first occurrence inside of some specific element(s)
    * **EncapsulatorTransformer** - used to encapsulates text nodes inside a tag

>     * **HtmlDataSrcDecodingTransformer** - used to inject HTML "data-scr" and "decoding" attributes inside an IMG tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **HtmlDataSrcDecodingTransformer** - used to inject "data-src" and "decoding" attributes to an IMG tag.
```
